       FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences




               AGENTIC AI / MULTI-AGENT SYSTEMS
                       Group Assignment



         LaunchMind
Build a Startup Using a Team of Collaborating AI
                     Agents
 Group size: 2–3 students (should be same as project)
                 Deadline: 12th April 2026
   LLM APIs: Any (Claude, OpenAI, Gemini, Mistral, or mixed)
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


1. What Is This Assignment?
This is a group assignment worth the more weight as compared to other assignments. You will
build a real Multi-Agent System (MAS) that autonomously runs a micro-startup from receiving an
idea all the way to writing code, posting on Slack, opening GitHub pull requests, and sending
emails without a human doing any of it manually.


The key word is real. Your agents will not just print things to a terminal. They will take actual
actions on actual platforms:
   •   A real GitHub repository with real commits and a real pull request opened by your
       Engineer agent
   •   A real Slack workspace where your agents post real messages
   •   A real email sent to a real inbox via SendGrid or the Gmail API


This is not a chatbot. It is not a pipeline where you call one function, get a response, then
manually pass it to the next. It is a network of autonomous, LLM-powered agents that reason
independently, communicate with each other using structured messages, and take actions in
the world based on what other agents tell them.


  Why this assignment?
  Almost no undergraduate or masters student at our campus has built this. A working MAS with real
  platform integrations, agent-to-agent communication, and LLM-powered reasoning is exactly what AI,
  software engineering, and product roles look for in 2025-26. When you present this in an interview,
  you will not say 'I built a chatbot.' You will say: 'I built a system where autonomous agents
  collaborated across Slack, GitHub, and email to run a startup.'



2. Your Startup Idea
Your group picks any startup idea you want. There are no restrictions on domain. The idea
should be concrete enough that it has a product something that can be described, partially built,
and marketed.


Some random examples of startup ideas:
   •   A mobile app that connects students with local tutors
   •   A browser extension that summarises long articles before you read them
   •   A tool that helps freelancers track unpaid invoices and auto-send reminders
   •   A platform where restaurants list end-of-day unsold food at a discount
   •   A CLI tool that auto-generates test cases from Python docstrings


What makes an idea work for this assignment: it needs to have a target user, a core feature,
and a reason someone would pay for it. Your agents will need to reason about these things so
the vaguer your idea, the weaker your agent outputs will be.
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


       You do not need to build a real working product. The Engineer agent will write a landing page or a
       small prototype not the full product. What matters is that the agents collaborate to define, build,
       and market it as if they were a real team.




3. The Agents Who They Are and What They Do
Your system must contain at least five agents. Each agent has a specific role, a specific set of
inputs it receives, and a specific set of outputs it produces. Each student in the group owns at
least one agent end-to-end meaning you write it, you test it, and you are responsible for it
working in the final demo.


Below is a complete description of each agent. Read this carefully this is your specification.



Agent 1: CEO Agent (Orchestrator)
The CEO agent is the brain of the system. It receives the startup idea as input and is
responsible for everything that happens after that.


What it does:
   •   Receives the startup idea as a plain text description (e.g. 'A platform where students list
       second-hand textbooks for sale')
   •   Breaks the idea into structured tasks one for the Product agent, one for the Engineer
       agent, one for the Marketing agent
   •   Sends each task as a structured JSON message to the correct agent
   •   Waits for responses from each agent
   •   Reviews those responses using LLM reasoning it does not just forward them, it actually
       thinks about whether the output is good enough
   •   If an agent's output is poor or incomplete, it sends a follow-up instruction asking for
       revision
   •   Once all agents have produced acceptable output, it compiles a final summary and
       sends it to the Slack channel


What it must NOT do:
   •   It must not hardcode the task list. The tasks must be generated by the LLM based on the
       idea.
   •   It must not skip the review step. Simply passing Agent A's output to Agent B without
       reading it is not orchestration it is piping.


Inputs:
   •   Startup idea (string, provided by you at runtime)
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


Outputs:
   •   Structured JSON task messages sent to each sub-agent
   •   A final summary Slack message posted to the team channel
   •   A log of every decision it made and why


LLM prompt requirements:
The CEO agent must use an LLM at least twice during its lifecycle:
   1. Once to decompose the startup idea into tasks for each agent
   2. Once to review each agent's output and decide whether it is acceptable or needs
      revision


       This agent is the hardest to build well. It requires the most LLM reasoning. Assign it to the most
       technically confident member of your group.



Agent 2: Product Agent
The Product agent thinks like a product manager. It takes the task sent by the CEO and
produces a structured product specification.


What it does:
   •   Receives a task message from the CEO agent containing the startup idea and any
       specific focus areas
   •   Uses an LLM to generate a full product specification including: a one-sentence value
       proposition, two or three user personas with names and specific pain points, a list of five
       core features ranked by priority, and three user stories in the format 'As a [user], I want
       to [action] so that [benefit]'
   •   Sends the product specification as a structured JSON object to both the Engineer agent
       and the Marketing agent
   •   Sends a short confirmation message back to the CEO agent indicating the spec is ready


Inputs:
   •   Task message from CEO agent (JSON)

Outputs:
   •   Product specification JSON sent to Engineer and Marketing agents
   •   Confirmation message sent back to CEO agent


What the product spec JSON must contain:
                 FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


 Field                       Type            Description
 value_proposition           string          One sentence describing what the product does and for
                                             whom
 personas                    array           Each persona has: name, role, and pain_point
 features                    array           Each feature has: name, description, and priority
                                             (1=highest)
 user_stories                array           Three stories in standard 'As a / I want / So that' format



Agent 3: Engineer Agent
The Engineer agent is the builder. It reads the product spec and produces real, runnable code
and it takes real action on GitHub.


What it does:
   •     Receives the product specification from the Product agent
   •     Uses an LLM to generate a complete, working HTML landing page for the startup
         including a headline, subheadline, a features section, a call-to-action button, and basic
         CSS styling
   •     Creates a new GitHub issue on your group's public repository with the title 'Initial landing
         page' and a description generated by the LLM
   •     Commits the generated HTML file to a new branch on your repository
   •     Opens a pull request on GitHub with a title and body generated by the LLM
   •     Sends the PR URL and the GitHub issue URL back to the CEO agent as a structured
         message


GitHub requirements this is not optional:
   •     You must create a public GitHub repository before starting the assignment
   •     The Engineer agent must authenticate using a GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT)
         stored as an environment variable never hardcoded in the code
   •     The commit must be authored by the agent (you can set the author name to something
         like 'EngineerAgent <agent@launchmind.ai>')
   •     The pull request must be visible in the repository when your evaluator checks it


Inputs:
   •     Product specification JSON from Product agent

Outputs:
   •     HTML landing page file committed to GitHub
   •     GitHub issue (URL returned to CEO)
   •     GitHub pull request (URL returned to CEO)
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences



       The GitHub API can be called using the 'requests' library in Python or 'axios' in JavaScript. You
       do not need PyGitHub or Octokit plain HTTP calls to api.github.com work fine. See Section 6 for
       code examples.



Agent 4: Marketing Agent
The Marketing agent thinks like a growth marketer. It reads the product spec and produces real
marketing outputs including sending a real email.


What it does:
   •   Receives the product specification from the Product agent
   •   Uses an LLM to generate: a product tagline (under 10 words), a short product
       description for a landing page (2-3 sentences), a cold outreach email addressed to a
       potential early user or investor, and three social media post drafts (for Twitter/X,
       LinkedIn, and Instagram)
   •   Sends the cold outreach email to a designated test email address using SendGrid or the
       Gmail API
   •   Posts a Slack message to your group's designated channel summarising the product
       launch the message must include the tagline, a one-line description, and a link to the
       GitHub PR
   •   Sends all generated copy back to the CEO agent as a structured message


Email requirements:
   •   You must use SendGrid (free tier: 100 emails/day) or the Gmail API with OAuth2
   •   The 'from' address must be a verified sender in your SendGrid account or your Gmail
       account
   •   The email subject line and body must be generated by the LLM not hardcoded
   •   Send the email to yourself or a test address you control do not send unsolicited emails to
       real people


Slack requirements:
   •   You must create a free Slack workspace for this assignment.
   •   The Marketing agent must post using a Slack Bot Token (stored as environment
       variable)
   •   The message must appear in a channel called #launches or similar
   •   The message must be formatted using Slack Block Kit not plain text


Inputs:
   •   Product specification JSON from Product agent
   •   GitHub PR URL from CEO agent (received before posting to Slack)
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


Outputs:
   •   Real email sent to test inbox
   •   Real Slack message posted to workspace
   •   All copy sent back to CEO agent as structured JSON



Agent 5: QA / Reviewer Agent (Required for groups of 3)
If your group has three members, one of you must build the QA agent. If your group has two
members, this agent is optional but earns bonus marks.


What it does:
   •   Receives the Engineer agent's output (HTML code) and the Marketing agent's copy from
       the CEO agent
   •   Uses an LLM to review the HTML landing page: does it match the product spec? Is the
       headline consistent with the value proposition? Are the features mentioned?
   •   Uses an LLM to review the marketing copy: is the tagline compelling? Does the cold
       email have a clear call to action? Is the tone appropriate?
   •   Posts review comments on the GitHub pull request using the GitHub API at least two
       inline comments on the HTML file
   •   Sends a structured review report back to the CEO agent, including a pass/fail verdict
       and a list of specific issues
   •   If the verdict is 'fail', the CEO agent must instruct the relevant agent to revise its output
       this is where dynamic decision-making happens


Inputs:
   •   Engineer output (HTML + PR URL) from CEO agent
   •   Marketing output (copy JSON) from CEO agent

Outputs:
   •   GitHub PR review comments (posted via API)
   •   Structured review report sent to CEO agent




4. How Agents Must Communicate
This is the most important section. Do not skip it.


Agents must communicate by passing structured messages to each other. These messages
must follow a defined schema. You cannot just pass raw text between agents you need to know
exactly what each agent sent, what it contained, and when it was sent.
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences




4.1 The Message Schema
Every message passed between agents must be a JSON object with the following fields:
 Field               Type        Required   Description
 message_id          string      Yes        A unique ID for this message (e.g. UUID)
 from_agent          string      Yes        Name of the sending agent (e.g. 'ceo', 'product',
                                            'engineer')
 to_agent            string      Yes        Name of the receiving agent
 message_type        string      Yes        One of: 'task', 'result', 'revision_request', 'confirmation'
 payload             object      Yes        The actual content different for each message type
 timestamp           string      Yes        ISO 8601 timestamp of when the message was
                                            created
 parent_message_id   string      No         ID of the message this is responding to (for
                                            traceability)


Example of a valid task message from the CEO to the Product agent:
{   "message_id": "msg-001",   "from_agent": "ceo",   "to_agent": "product",
"message_type": "task",   "payload": {     "idea": "A platform where students list
second-hand textbooks for sale",     "focus": "Define the core user personas and top 5
features"   },   "timestamp": "2025-10-01T09:00:00Z" }




4.2 The Message Bus
You need a way for agents to send messages to each other. There are three acceptable
approaches:

Option A: Shared Python dictionary or JSON file (simplest)
All agents run in the same process. You have a shared dictionary called message_bus. When
Agent A wants to send a message to Agent B, it appends the message to
message_bus['agent_b']. Agent B reads from message_bus['agent_b'] to get its messages. This
is the simplest approach and fully acceptable.


Option B: SQLite database (intermediate)
All agents write messages to a messages table in a local SQLite database. Each agent polls for
new messages addressed to it. This works well if you want agents to run in separate threads or
processes.


Option C: Redis pub/sub (advanced, bonus marks)
                 FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


Each agent subscribes to a Redis channel named after itself. Messages are published to the
recipient's channel. This is how production MAS systems work. It earns bonus marks but is not
required.


        Whichever option you choose, you must be able to show the full message history in your demo.
        Your evaluator will ask: 'Show me every message the CEO agent sent and received.' You must
        be able to answer this.



4.3 The Required Collaboration Moment
Your system must demonstrate at least one instance of dynamic decision-making: the CEO
agent must receive a response from another agent, reason about it using an LLM, and change
its next action based on that reasoning.


The minimum acceptable version: the CEO agent receives the Product agent's spec, sends it to
the LLM with the prompt 'Review this product spec. Is it specific enough? If not, what is
missing?', and if the LLM says it is not specific enough, sends a revision_request back to the
Product agent with specific feedback.


A stronger version (recommended): the QA agent reviews the Engineer's HTML and returns a
fail verdict. The CEO agent receives this, reasons about it, and instructs the Engineer agent to
revise the HTML addressing the specific issues raised.


        If your agents simply run one after another in a fixed sequence with no feedback loops, you will
        lose 25% of your grade (the collaboration and dynamic decision-making criterion). This is not
        negotiable.




5. Platform Setup Step by Step
This section tells you exactly how to set up each platform. Follow it before you write a single line
of agent code.



5.1 GitHub
   3.   Create a public GitHub repository named 'launchmind-[your-group-name]'
   4.   Go to Settings > Developer Settings > Personal Access Tokens > Tokens (classic)
   5.   Generate a new token with the following permissions: repo (full control), workflow
   6.   Copy the token and save it you will never see it again after closing the page
   7.   Store it as an environment variable: export GITHUB_TOKEN='your_token_here'
   8.   Do not ever put this token in your code or commit it to the repository
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


   9. Create a .env file, add GITHUB_TOKEN=your_token_here, and add .env to your
       .gitignore
   10. Test that your token works by running: curl -H 'Authorization: token $GITHUB_TOKEN'
       https://api.github.com/user



5.2 Slack
   11. Go to api.slack.com/apps and click 'Create New App'
   12. Choose 'From scratch', name it 'LaunchMind Bot', and select your workspace
   13. In 'OAuth & Permissions', scroll to 'Bot Token Scopes' and add: chat:write,
       channels:read, channels:join
   14. Click 'Install to Workspace' and copy the Bot User OAuth Token (starts with xoxb-)
   15. Store as environment variable: export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN='xoxb-your-token'
   16. Create a channel in your workspace called #launches
   17. Invite the bot to the channel by typing /invite @LaunchMindBot in the channel
   18. Test the bot by running a quick Python script that calls the Slack API chat.postMessage
       endpoint



5.3 SendGrid (Email)
   19. Go to sendgrid.com and create a free account (100 emails/day, no credit card required)
   20. Go to Settings > API Keys and create a new API key with 'Mail Send' permission
   21. Store as environment variable: export SENDGRID_API_KEY='SG.your_key_here'
   22. Go to Settings > Sender Authentication and verify a single sender email address (use
       your own email)
   23. This verified email will be the 'from' address in all emails your Marketing agent sends
   24. Test by sending a test email using the SendGrid Python library before integrating it into
       the agent




6. Technical Guidance and Code Patterns
This section gives you concrete starting points for the trickiest parts of the implementation.



6.1 Recommended Frameworks
 Framework            Best for                        Difficulty       Docs
 CrewAI               Beginners role-based agents,    Low              docs.crewai.com
                      built-in task assignment
                 FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


 Framework              Best for                          Difficulty    Docs
 AutoGen                Agent-to-agent conversation       Medium        microsoft.github.io/autogen
 (Microsoft)            loops
 LangGraph              Precise control over agent flow   Medium-High   langchain-
                        and state                                       ai.github.io/langgraph
 Custom (direct API     Full control, no abstraction      High          platform.openai.com /
 calls)                                                                 docs.anthropic.com


Recommendation: if no one in your group has used an agent framework before, start with
CrewAI. It maps almost perfectly onto this assignment's structure you define an agent per role
and a task per action, and CrewAI handles the communication loop. You can always refactor
later.



6.2 Calling the GitHub API
To open a pull request from the Engineer agent:
import requests, os GITHUB_TOKEN = os.environ["GITHUB_TOKEN"] REPO = "your-
username/launchmind-your-group" HEADERS = {     "Authorization": f"token {GITHUB_TOKEN}",
"Accept": "application/vnd.github+json" } # 1. Create a branch
requests.post(f"https://api.github.com/repos/{REPO}/git/refs",     headers=HEADERS,
json={"ref": "refs/heads/agent-landing-page", "sha": "<base_sha>"}) # 2. Commit a file
import base64 content = base64.b64encode(html_content.encode()).decode()
requests.put(f"https://api.github.com/repos/{REPO}/contents/index.html",
headers=HEADERS,     json={"message": "Add landing page", "content": content,
"branch": "agent-landing-page"}) # 3. Open PR r =
requests.post(f"https://api.github.com/repos/{REPO}/pulls",     headers=HEADERS,
json={"title": "Initial landing page", "body": pr_body,           "head": "agent-landing-
page", "base": "main"}) pr_url = r.json()["html_url"]




6.3 Posting to Slack with Block Kit
The Marketing agent must use Block Kit, not plain text:
import requests, os def post_to_slack(tagline, description, pr_url):      payload = {
"channel": "#launches",         "blocks": [             {"type": "header",
"text": {"type": "plain_text", "text": "New Launch: " + tagline}},             {"type":
"section",              "text": {"type": "mrkdwn", "text": description}},
{"type": "section",              "fields": [                  {"type": "mrkdwn", "text":
f"*GitHub PR:* <{pr_url}|View PR>"},                  {"type": "mrkdwn", "text": "*Status:*
Ready for review"}              ]}         ]     }
requests.post("https://slack.com/api/chat.postMessage",         headers={"Authorization":
f"Bearer {os.environ['SLACK_BOT_TOKEN']}"},         json=payload)




6.4 Sending Email via SendGrid
Install: pip install sendgrid
from sendgrid import SendGridAPIClient from sendgrid.helpers.mail import Mail import os
def send_email(subject, body, to_email):      message = Mail(
from_email="verified@yourdomain.com",          to_emails=to_email,        subject=subject,
html_content=f"<p>{body}</p>"     )      sg =
SendGridAPIClient(os.environ["SENDGRID_API_KEY"])      sg.send(message)
               FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences




6.5 Calling an LLM Inside an Agent
Example using the Anthropic Claude API (works similarly for OpenAI):
import anthropic, os client = anthropic.Anthropic(api_key=os.environ["ANTHROPIC_API_KEY"])
def call_llm(system_prompt, user_prompt):     response = client.messages.create(
model="claude-sonnet-4-20250514",         max_tokens=1000,         system=system_prompt,
messages=[{"role": "user", "content": user_prompt}]     )     return
response.content[0].text




7. What You Must Submit
There are three deliverables. No report. No reflection. Just code, a demo, and a README.



Deliverable 1: Public GitHub Repository
Your repository must contain everything needed to understand and run your system. It must
include:


Repository structure:
   •   README.md see requirements below
   •   agents/ a folder containing one Python (or JavaScript) file per agent, clearly named
       (ceo_agent.py, product_agent.py, engineer_agent.py, marketing_agent.py, qa_agent.py)
   •   main.py (or index.js) a single entry point that runs the entire system end-to-end
   •   message_bus.py (or equivalent) the shared messaging implementation
   •   requirements.txt (or package.json) all dependencies
   •   .env.example a template showing which environment variables are needed, with
       placeholder values (never real keys)
   •   .gitignore must include .env so real API keys are never committed


README.md must include:
   •   What your startup idea is (2-3 sentences)
   •   A diagram or description of your agent architecture which agent talks to which
   •   Setup instructions: how to clone the repo, install dependencies, set environment
       variables, and run the system
   •   A list of every platform your agents interact with and what they do on each
   •   A link to the Slack workspace (share invite link) or screenshots of the bot in action
   •   A link to the GitHub PR created by the Engineer agent



Deliverable 2: Demo Video (8-10 minutes)
                 FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


Record a screen recording of your entire system running live. The video must show:


   25. You running main.py (or equivalent) the terminal must be visible
   26. The CEO agent receiving the startup idea and sending messages to sub-agents print
       these to the terminal as they happen
   27. The Product agent generating and outputting its product spec
   28. The Engineer agent committing code and opening a PR show the GitHub repository
       page refreshing with the new PR
   29. The Marketing agent sending the email show the inbox with the received email
   30. The Marketing agent posting to Slack show the Slack workspace with the bot's message
       visible
   31. At least one feedback loop show the CEO agent receiving a response, reasoning about
       it, and sending a follow-up instruction
   32. The final Slack summary message from the CEO agent


       Do not edit the video. Do not pre-run the system and play back logs. The evaluator must see the
       system actually running in real time. If something fails during recording, leave it in show how your
       system handles failure and explain what happened.



Deliverable 3: Submission
Submit the following via the course portal:
   •   The URL of your public GitHub repository
   •   The URL of your demo video (upload to YouTube, Google Drive, or any accessible link)
   •   The names of all group members and which agent each member built




8. Grading
 Criterion                 Weight        What the evaluator looks for
 Real platform             25%           GitHub PR exists and was opened by the agent. Slack
 integration                             message is visible in the workspace. Email arrived in the
                                         inbox. These are binary they either happened or they did not.
 Agent collaboration and   25%           At least one feedback loop where the CEO reasons about
 dynamic decision-                       another agent's output and sends a revision request. Agents
 making                                  pass structured JSON messages. The message log shows a
                                         real conversation, not a fixed sequence.
 LLM reasoning quality     20%           Each agent's LLM prompts are specific and well-engineered.
 inside agents                           The outputs are coherent and relevant to the startup idea. The
                                         CEO's review reasoning is meaningful not just 'looks good'.
                 FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


 Criterion                  Weight        What the evaluator looks for
 Code quality and           15%           Code is clean and readable. Each agent is in its own file.
 architecture                             Environment variables are used for all secrets. The message
                                          bus is clearly implemented. The system can be run by a
                                          stranger following the README.
 Demo and repository        15%           Video shows the full pipeline running live. README is
                                          complete. Repository structure is clean. All deliverables are
                                          submitted.



Bonus Marks (up to 10% extra)
 Bonus criterion                                                     Extra marks
 QA agent implemented (for 2-person groups)                          +5%
 Agents use Redis pub/sub for messaging instead of shared dict       +3%
 System handles at least one agent failure gracefully (e.g. API      +3%
 timeout, LLM refusal) and retries or reports the failure to the
 CEO
 CEO agent runs more than one feedback loop (multiple revision       +2%
 cycles)
 Different agents use different LLM providers (e.g. Claude for       +2%
 CEO, GPT-4o for Engineer)




9. Common Mistakes Read This Before You Start
 Things that will cost you marks:
 Hardcoding API keys in your code or committing them to GitHub.
 Agents that just call each other in a fixed sequence with no feedback this is not a MAS, it is a
 pipeline.
 GitHub PR not visible in the repository the evaluator will check the URL in your README.
 Slack message posted but the bot was removed from the channel before the demo keep the bot in
 the channel.
 LLM outputs that are completely generic and unrelated to your startup idea this means your prompts
 are not including enough context.
 A demo video that is pre-recorded logs being played back must be live.
 Not using structured JSON for agent messages string passing is not acceptable.




Frequently Asked Questions
Can we use a mock instead of a real API?
                FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


No. GitHub, Slack, and email must be real. There is no partial credit for 'we would have
connected it to the real API but did not'. The entire point of this assignment is real-world agent
action.


What if our startup idea changes halfway through?
That is fine. Update the README and make sure the final demo reflects the final idea. The idea
itself is not graded what matters is what the agents do with it.


Can we use a framework other than the ones listed?
Yes. Any agent framework is acceptable as long as the requirements are met. If you want to
build from scratch using direct API calls, that is also fine and earns respect.


What if the LLM refuses to generate something?
Handle it in your code. Catch the error, log it, and have the agent either retry with a revised
prompt or report the failure to the CEO. A system that crashes when the LLM misbehaves is not
a production-ready MAS.


Do all agents have to run simultaneously?
No. They can run sequentially in a single process. What matters is that they communicate via
the message bus and that the CEO is doing real reasoning not just calling functions in order.


Can two agents share the same LLM API key?
Yes. You can use the same API key for all agents. There is no requirement that each agent
uses a different account or key.



10. Suggested Timeline
 Day                Task
 Day 1-2            Decide your startup idea. Set up GitHub repo, Slack workspace, SendGrid
                    account. Create all API keys and store them in .env. Test each platform with a
                    simple script before touching agent code.
 Day 3-4            Build the message bus. Build the CEO agent's task decomposition logic (no review
                    loop yet just decompose and send). Build the Product agent. Test CEO -> Product
                    communication end to end.
 Day 5-7            Build the Engineer agent. Test GitHub issue creation, file commit, and PR opening
                    independently before wiring it into the pipeline. Build the Marketing agent. Test
                    Slack posting and email sending independently.
 Day 8-9            Wire all agents together through the CEO. Add the CEO's review step and at least
                    one feedback loop. Run the full pipeline end to end for the first time.
               FAST National University of Computer & Emerging Sciences


 Day               Task
 Day 10-11         Debug. Handle failure cases. Clean up code. Write the README. Build or refine
                   the QA agent if your group has three members.
 Day 12-13         Record the demo video. Review the submission checklist. Submit.




11. Submission Checklist
Before you submit, go through every item below. If any item is unchecked, your submission is
incomplete.


   •   GitHub repository is public
   •   Repository contains agents/ folder with one file per agent
   •   Repository contains main.py or equivalent entry point
   •   Repository contains .env.example with placeholder keys
   •   Repository contains .gitignore with .env listed
   •   README.md contains startup idea, architecture description, setup instructions, and
       platform links
   •   Engineer agent has opened a real pull request visible in the repository
   •   Marketing agent has posted a real message to the Slack workspace
   •   Marketing agent has sent a real email verify it arrived in the inbox
   •   At least one CEO feedback loop is implemented and visible in the demo
   •   All agent messages are structured JSON with the required fields
   •   Demo video is 8-10 minutes, shows the system running live, shows all platform actions
   •   Demo video shows the terminal output with agent messages as they are sent and
       received
   •   Submitted: GitHub repo URL, demo video URL, group member names and agent
       assignments




                            Good luck. Build something real.
